# Primer
Ofrana was once a land of peace. Two kingdoms, Lacqueum and Freidom, ruled together in harmony. King Gareth Tritumus of Lacqueum and Tobias Barnum of Freidom had a pact to offer each other gifts of peace during inevitable times of tension. 50 years ago, such an offering was made to Freidom: the hand of Princess Clarissa Tritumus to Prince Finn Barnum. But disaster struck as the infamous Willhelm von Stratheburg, The Monster of Stratheburg, stowed away onto the caravan and butchered the princess and much of the escorting guard. Since then, the nation has fallen into a terrible war.

Freidom has taken the brunt of this war the hardest; the monarchy has been overthrown in a violent coup by the extremist organization known as the FALA. Both King and Queen Barnum were assassinated and Prince Finn's whereabouts are unknown. The FALA's motivations are clear and simple: seize Lacqueum at all costs. Freidom once acted as the military arsenal for the nation, so the FALA have since been succeeding in their mission.

Lacqueum, while maintaining the monarchy, is now without an heir. Without his loving wife and daughter by his side, King Tritumus has ruled Lacqueum with an iron fist and no regard for its future. This strict regiment has awarded Lacqueum many needed victories in the war, but all merely delayed the inevitable. Now at age 95, King Tritumus has fallen ill and nears the end of his life, much the same as his kingdom and legacy.

While laying in bed, King Tritumus witnessed something that shook him to the core: a streak of red light rose into the sky off the horizon and struck the moon itself, leaving a cancerous red tumor on its surface. "Could this be the work of the FALA?" he thought, as the FALA's insignia is the many daughter streams of the Atrius River of Ofrana painted in red. If the FALA control this kind of power, then Lacqueum is truly doomed.

As he lay on his deathbed, King Tritumus left one final quest: "To all who can hear my message, I ask of you to retrieve the legendary Orb of Loc L'Armur. It is hidden somewhere deep in the Thatchwood Forest, \[a deadly forest that consumes all foolish enough to meander too far\]. Should you succeed, I ask you use its power to turn the tide of war. Your reward? I shall leave the Kingdom of Lacqueum to you to rule. I merely ask that you treat it better than I ever could."

This is where you come into play. Your party has tracked down the location of the mythical Orb of Loc L'Armur to a terrible cavern deep in the heart of the Thatchwood Forest. Your base camp is a mere 2 hours away from the entrance of the cavern, and your kingdom is a mere adventure away. But beware adventurers...for you are not the only ones to have heard King Tritumus' final plea...
