{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0 UICTFontTextStyleBody;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\widctlpar\qc\b\f0\fs26 BACKSTORY\par
\f1\par
\trowd\trgaph10\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clvertalc\cellx9360 
\pard\intbl\widctlpar\b0\f0 Early in their childhoods, Pablo and his brother Pedro were confronted by dwarven mercenaries while playing at the lake just outside their village. Neither of the brothers knew common at the time, and after several failed attempts at communication, the dwarves tossed the pair into a large sack and brought them to Dhordarum, where they were swiftly thrown into cages. Thanks to Pedro\rquote s deft hands and street smarts, the two were able to escape their confines and flee into the streets, where they were quickly taken in by a gang of Gear Runners.\f1\par
\par
\f0 These scoundrels offered the brothers an uncharacteristic degree of hospitality, and for good reason: kobolds are the perfect blend of short and nimble\emdash traits highly-sought after in their line of work. So as soon as the two got situated and learned a bit of common, their training to become Gear Runners began. Although both brothers displayed equal levels of enthusiasm, Pedro excelled while Pablo struggled. Pedro was thin, nimble, and cunning, whereas Pablo was thick, slow, and clumsy. His inadequate performance led to him being deemed a liability, and he was frequently left out of missions. Pablo\rquote s self-worth plummeted as his brother struggled to earn enough to support the both of them. He often pondered running away so Pedro could worry about himself more and live a healthier life. But then, it happened; the chance encounter that would finally give Pablo\rquote s life some semblance of meaning.\~\f1\par
\par
\f0 While sulking at a street-corner, Pablo was confronted by a mysterious man. Introducing himself as Klarkac, the man took a seat beside the downtrodden kobold and offered an ear to his woes. After hearing the boy\rquote s struggles, Klarkac assured Pablo that he did, in fact, have potential; just not in the areas that Gear Runners value. He then offered Pablo an opportunity to realize this potential.\f1\par
\par
\f0 Once a year in a secluded section of Dhordarum\rquote s backstreets, the blocks and gears align to create an eerily perfect coliseum, complete with multi-level seating and a massive fight pit. Some believe its formation to be the result of pure luck, while others believe it to be the deliberate creation of some person or god with control over the gears. Regardless, the Dhordarumites knew it needed to be used\emdash and since it always formed around the time of The Feast of the Moon, a sister festival was created to give the coliseum purpose.\f1\par
\par
\f0 The people of Dhordarum, like many others, love to watch a good fight. They do, however, have \i some\i0  morales, and would prefer not to see blood shed among the more civilized races. Thus, the concept for the Beast of the Moon Festival was created. This festival is an all-out, free-for-all brawl between \lquote beasts\rquote , small members of monstrous races, in which the last beast standing wins. Each beast is scouted and sponsored by a rich and influential Dhordarumite, who receives a massive prize (I\rquote ll let you determine what that is) if their beast wins.\f1\par
\par
\f0 Klarkac knew the second he saw Pablo that his body was something else; he had a wider build than others of his kin, which could act as a phenomenal frame for muscle growth. Klarkac only had to train Pablo for one year before entering him in the Beast of the Moon Festival, and to the audience\rquote s surprise, he won decisively.\~\f1\par
\par
\f0 Pablo has won every BotM festival for the past 3 years, and has even earned the nickname \lquote Piston Pablo\rquote , for his powerful \lquote piston punches\rquote . For the first time in his life, Pablo feels truly fulfilled. Pedro, however, does not like Pablo doing this. He believes the BotM festival to be a disgusting tradition centered around the city\rquote s collective hatred of monstrous races like kobolds. Pablo is being made to fight others of his kind for the amusement of those that view him as subhuman. Not to mention, Pedro \i hates\i0  Klarkac. The man pushes Pablo far too hard for his tastes, and he keeps nearly the entirety of the winnings while Pablo gets bread crumbs. Pablo, on the other hand, cherishes Klarkac. He believes him to be his savior, and that if Klarkac asks him to do something, he must do it. Period. The man can do no wrong in his eyes.\f1\par
\par
\f0 This year\rquote s Beast of the Moon Festival approaches, and Pablo is motivated as ever to win.\f1\cell\row 
\pard\widctlpar\sa160\sl252\slmult1\f2\fs22\par

\pard\widctlpar\qc\b\f0\fs26 PLAN FOR INTRODUCTION\f2\par

\pard\widctlpar\b0\par
\f0 (Highly subject to adjustment where needed, lots of this is based on my own assumptions about the campaign and Klarkac, so absolutely feel free to discuss and change things)\f2\par
\par
\f0 Near the beginning of the session, the party will happen upon Klarkac, who is delighted to see them. He tells the party they\rquote ve arrived at a splendid time; the FotM\rquote s lesser-known sister festival is underway, and the favorite-to-win is his own sponsored combatant, Pablo\emdash Piston Pablo. He insists the party join him in witnessing this rare event.\~\f2\par
\par
\f0 By the time Klarkac and the party arrive, the brawl has already begun. There are two kua-toa, a grung, a goblin, and a kobold in the pit, and Klarkac is shocked to see Pablo is not among them. A nearby spectator informs Klarkac that Pablo was knocked out early, when the two kua-tuo teamed up on him. They seriously wounded Pablo, knocking him unconscious. His brother Pedro then pulled him from the pit and rushed him to the infirmary across the street. \par
This frustrates Klarkac. He asks the party to visit the infirmary and get Pablo to return to the fray while he stays to keep an eye on things. The rules of the BotM festival are loose, and if a combatant gets up or returns to the battle before a winner is declared, they may continue fighting.\f2\par
\par
\f0 The party leaves the arena and begins walking toward the infirmary when its doors suddenly slam open. Pablo exits the building covered in bandages and angrily marches toward the coliseum, a slight limp in his step. Pedro follows close behind him. I will describe Pablo, and then you can describe Pedro. He is a slim kobold dressed in whatever the standard attire of a gear runner might be. I\rquote m not sure what color to make him and Pablo, so let\rquote s just go with red for now. Once you finish describing him, open with Pedro saying this line in a thick Italian accent:\f2\par
\par
\f0\ldblquote Oh, please, Pablo! You need to know when to give up!\rdblquote\f2\par
\par
\f0 From there we improvise an argument. Pedro is trying to convince Pablo not to fight. Feel free to make Pedro get angry; he\rquote s no wuss.\f2\par
\par
\f0 If you\rquote re not sure what to say, you can mention things like\'85\f2\par
\f0 - his opponents are too strong this year\f2\par
\f0 - he can\rquote t fight properly in his current state\f2\par
\f0 - he could be permanently injured or even killed\f2\par
\f0 - none of the people watching truly care about Pablo\f2\par
\par
\f0 Regardless, once you feel the argument has gone long enough, have Pedro say something bad about Klarkac. I will take things from there and have Pablo enter the coliseum.\f2\par
\par
\f0 (If the party intervenes, we improvise. Pablo will try to brush them off, but whatever happens happens)\f2\par
\par
\f0 Once Pablo enters the coliseum, Pedro will beg the party to stop Pablo from reentering the fight. Pedro knows Pablo won\rquote t listen to him, but perhaps the concern of strangers will win him over.\f2\par
\par
\f0 When the party returns to the coliseum, they notice that the battle has progressed. The kobold is dead. The grung has the goblin pinned down and is pounding their face. The two kua-toa are fighting each other toward the back (they are actually just pretending to fight, but this isn\rquote t readily apparent). The party sees Pablo stretching next to Klarkac, preparing to reenter the fray. They can try to convince him to abstain, but each time they do, Klarkac will give Pablo a glare that pushes him to fight.\f2\par
\par
\f0 Pablo will jump in near the grung, who will be his first opponent. You can have the goblin get back up and fight too if you want. Make sure these two are fairly easy if you can.\f2\par
\par
\f0 Once they\rquote re out of the way, have the two Kua-toa stop pretend-fighting and focus their attention on Pablo, teaming up on him once again. If you can, make these guys strong enough that it would be fairly unlikely for Pablo to beat them.\~\f2\par
\par
\f0 There\rquote re a few ways this could go, but these are the main two I think:\f2\par
\par
\f0 1. Pablo loses. Either because he got knocked out or the party pulled him from the fight in some way (convinced him with words, physically removed him, etc.). He is devastated. You can decide how things go with Klarkac. Pablo isn\rquote t permanently injured and is able to recover somewhat quickly to join the party.\~\f2\par
\par
\f0 2. The party assists Pablo somehow and he wins. It would be difficult to do without being caught, but if they try, I\rquote ll let you judge it as you see fit. Might also be possible for him to win on his own with lucky rolls, idk.\par
\par
I should also mention that Pablo will remove his bandages after he jumps down into the fight pit. This will reveal that he has what seems to be a full head of hair. He\rquote s actually wearing a wig, and whenever someone hits him, there\rquote s a chance it will fall off. Maybe roll a d4, and if it lands on 4, the enemy knocks his wig off.\par
\par
\par

\pard\widctlpar\qc\b Extra tidbits\par

\pard\widctlpar\b0\par
Pablo \i loves\i0  ducks. Before being kidnapped and taken to Dhordarum, his favorite thing to do was watch the ducks at the lake. He has a duck tattoo on the palm of his hand he kisses before every fight. It is his dream to one day have a pet duck.\par
\par
Pablo is very interested in hair despite not having any. He creates his own wigs so that he too can experience the wonders of having hair. After incapacitating opponents, he will often take out a pair of scissors and cut off all their hair so he can use it to make wigs.\par

\pard\widctlpar\sa160\sl252\slmult1\f2\fs22\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f3\lang9\par
}
 